you're so clumsy are you okay
Isabelle you wanna come over to my house
for a playdate today only thing is are
your parents cool season yeah
oh can I come too
can we play you back no please come
inside
no because we'll play alone just pop it
under the house side anyway no we have
time I think for some time now we have
baby games to go please do the game
that's not very nice I submit your
photos everyone make sure you thank
Elizabeth for bringing in snack today I
hope you all enjoy it did you get any no
you're gonna starve if you tell the
teacher and Isabel any snack oh I'm sure
she just forgot Elizabeth I think you
forgot James and Isabel to give them
snack oh I'm so sorry
I'll get this down okay thank you can
return looking on my snack I don't feel
like you sure
it's our house you have this stop make
me Amy what are you doing I figure with
the baby I'm not gonna sue you until you
become English dancer come on Elizabeth
leave her so long because you're not
being nice and you're respecting his
leave as well Elizabeth I cannot be
friends with somebody that has attitude
like you
I'm really sorry I called you guys names
and check there will you forgive me yeah
I forgive you but you have to tell
teacher the trip I'm scared step
you